Hey, welcome back. In this video, I want
to talk about the summarization task
that we are taking on in this week. As
you know, the data set we are using is
the Samsung summarization data set and
it involves the task of summarizing
conversations between people. So, the
important question that comes up is how
do you define the quality of
summarization? How do you know you are
getting a good summary? So, let's talk
about that in this video.
So before we get started, one thing I
want to clarify is this is not like just
a fun project to do. It's it's actually
a very important pervasive application
in industry. So as you can imagine
there's a lot of use cases for
summarizing documents, reports, support
tickets, emails and uh even uh meeting
minutes if you're on Zoom or using
Google teams or uh various applications
like Slack. Even these days you can get
some summaries uh when you're using
those applications. So it's an important
application and uh this project that we
are taking on is actually good to uh
good for experience. So let's actually
look at a real world example. This is a
uh an actual example from my previous
company. We worked on this project and
this was an important application for us
to build. Okay. So it is an example from
contact centers. So my previous company
we provided customer engagement
solutions. So practically all the
software that is used in contact centers
and back offices of various companies
when they are supporting their customers
uh those those types of systems uh we
were one of the primary companies that
that uh provided those solutions and so
this this example is from from such uh
such an application for managing
customer engagement uh conversations. So
the particular use case is call centers
and uh some of the biggest clients we
had the some of the biggest customers
which were companies that we had uh used
to get thousands of calls every day and
if you add them up over the year you
would easily have million plus calls. In
fact some of the biggest uh clients that
we had uh had more than 10 million calls
in a in a year typical year. So it's a
large volume application and just for
context I you probably are not used to
uh this industry or this domain. Uh we
are getting these calls but on average
these calls could take anywhere from 6
to 8 minutes. Uh what we would call
average handle time or a uh now you know
for the the those who are very
experienced in this space. I know we
don't normally talk too much about
average handle times. It's very
specifically like distributions and call
cues and all of that. But just for uh
the uninformed this is a good metric to
have just so you get a full context. Uh
the typical calls would have uh some
post call processing time. So even when
the customer hangs up the agent is
supposed to do certain post-processing
activities and that is part of their
handle time. Now that also includes
summarization of the calls manually.
Every time you call the contact center,
uh, after you're done with the call, the
agent typically writes down what
happened during the call, what was the
call about, what what what was done, and
any next steps. And they're supposed to
write a summary. And the reason is,
well, first is for compliance reasons,
say they want to do that, but also for
future reference. So if the same
customer calls the next day and another
agent is serving the customer, they can
look up the information from the prior
call what was done and so they don't
have to they get the full context about
prior conversations with the customer.
So that's the reason to do something
like that. Okay. All right. So you can
just now just put yourself into this
this context, right? You have million
plus calls. uh every agent is supposed
to write these summaries and you can
imagine even after all the good training
that would be given to these agents. The
the quality of the summaries would vary
quite a bit. One agent would write it
one way, another would write it another
way. If there's a long uh cues of
customers, some agents may skip writing
the summary and so on. Right? So there's
compliance issues as well. So that is
our problem. Let's talk about the
solution here. So um as a part of this
our company then worked on automating
the task of generating the summaries and
this was um you can imagine the workflow
right so as soon as the call ends uh
there's a transcript generated
automatically so there's that's one
other very separate and equally
important solution that was part of this
workflow which is a transcription
service and after the transcription is
done then send it to the summarizer
which generates a summary of the call.
We still wanted human in the loop. Uh
which is why this needed to be real time
so that the agent can actually see the
summary. They can edit it if required.
And then once they are satisfied with
how it looks, they would they would uh
save it, right? So that summary gets
recorded. So you can imagine this needs
to be done very quickly, right? As soon
as the call ends, the transcription
needs to happen, the summarization needs
to happen within a few seconds and then
the agent can review it and uh that
could save them some precious time in
that handle uh the post call processing.
So that was the solution. Okay. Now
let's talk about
if you were building such a system. Uh
this this is always I'm going to put you
in the shoes of this right. This would
also be a good interview question. If
someone says this is what we do and uh
you were you go in there bragging about
having done a LM fine tuning job. Uh
this would be a good application. So
they would say okay tell us how would
you build this this kind of system.
Right? So again remember for context
this is auto summarizing 1 million plus
calls manually and also you want this to
work real time right within a few
seconds that summary should be ready for
the agents review. All right so what do
you need? What would you need to uh use
in this application? So what does your
tech stack look like? What libraries
tools would you use? What which LLM
would you use? Right? And just just put
yourself in the mind of that that that
engineer who's responsible for building
something like this.
If your boss or the person asking you
the interview asking you this question
in the interview asked this question
well okay if you're building this tell
me about the time what do you think how
long would this take something like this
how many resources what resources do we
need do you need computers what when we
deploy this what kind of solution are we
building here I mean how many servers
and what the what the latencies are and
how we going to load up and down when
the call volumes go up and uh go down
right so uh need to be aware of that and
then when you're building such a system
during development and then after the
development for monitoring or
observability uh what what resources are
needed uh this would be a very good
interview questions I'm I'm telling you
so uh you should be prepared for things
like this use cases like this all right
uh but the the important part part I
wanted to cover because we're talking
about this this week is how would you
measure success right so uh what is the
definition of good when you build a
system like this what does good really
mean okay so that's an important part
here okay So uh I'm not going to give
you all the answers. In fact, you know,
this is part of the the program. As as
you go through it, you should be putting
yourself coming back to this kind of
application. You know, you can imagine
other applications or use cases too. And
always be imagining how would you build
implement solutions like this. All
right. So let's let's look at uh one of
the questions I wanted to ask here was
uh the the metric that we use in this
project uh in this program uh was uh is
something called rouge. And if you if
you don't know this metric, uh it's very
easy to uh understand what it does. But
I would really highly recommend you go
and read about it. That's there's
various variations of it. And then come
back and continue watching this video
and then uh yeah, some questions I
raised, you want to be answering those.
So is Rouge the right metric? Uh this
contact center problem I brought up is
Rouge the right metric? Okay. Uh this is
a problem that data scientists, a IML
engineers always have. they always think
in terms of the technical metrics,
right? You think in terms of the AU and
F1 and precision, recall, all those
things. Uh but you never think about the
business metrics. So what would be
important in this particular project,
right? How would we what should we
really measure? Uh should we talk about
time saved? Right? I remember I
mentioned there's this post-processing
time that the agents are supposed to be
writing these summaries. And so um in
this in this uh human in the loop kind
of variation of it where you're asking
them you're autogenerating the review
summary but then the agent has to review
and edit and approve maybe you're not
going to get significant savings but uh
still if you cut can cut off 10 seconds
out of that time that's that's
meaningful and that has to be converted
into some kind of savings right that's
really what the executives would ask us
right you know what what are you
achieving by implementing the system um
how would you also measure the quality
of your summary right so it's not just
blindly accepting the summary. Maybe the
agents look at it and think, man, this
is this is terrible summary. So they go
and edit it every time. Uh so maybe you
want to look at that, right? And uh this
is as you can see this is starting to
get very specific to the use case. Uh
the ultimate one would be like you know
not just internally what's happening but
uh the impact on customers right would
there be an impact on customers if we
had a summarization right uh I want you
to think about that and answer that.
Would do you expect this to improve
customer satisfaction scores in the long
run or have no impact? Uh is it purely a
cost savings one u or is there impact on
customer service or satisfaction? So
these are important considerations. Uh
we talk in this program about the
technology and the techniques, the tools
and the platforms. In the end, if you're
not connecting these the success to
something that the business cares about,
the executives care care about uh you're
not really achieving meaningful impact
on your industry or your or your
company. And people who make meaningful
impact, those are the ones that get
promoted and even bigger
responsibilities, right? So, I want you
to take three uh take three take uh key
takeaways from this video. Okay? So,
first, summarization is an important
task. We didn't just choose it randomly.
Uh it is an important task and it's it's
pretty pervasive. It's it's something
that you would see across all industries
really. It's it's not limited to just
contact centers. You will find
applications of it in most industries.
Solutions go far beyond LLM fine-tuning.
So if that point wasn't clear as you saw
that in that particular workflow um we
also had the transcription service right
and then it it wasn't just the LLM fine
tuning not just looking at the the
quality you also had to think about all
the infrastructure. Remember I mentioned
million plus calls, thousands of calls
every day and they are not uniformly
distributed. So there's peak times. Uh
there's peak days of the week. Uh
there's peak times of the day. Uh
there's the impact after the holidays or
before the holidays. There's a lot of
things that happen that uh create spikes
in in this. And so is your system built
to handle that. Uh solutions go far
beyond just pure pure uh technical
considerations uh that you would see in
educational uh uh you know courses. And
then I mentioned success metrics are
always use case specific. So we use
rouge but I do not want you to take it
lightly. Uh that that is just it's very
hard to pick a particular business case
specific one unless you have a business
case specific data set. Uh the one we
are using is public. It's available from
hugging face and we are using that but
um and then ru is good enough for that.
But I still want you to critically
evaluate if that's the right metric for
the contact center application. Okay.
So, hope you found found this video
useful and I I'll see you in the next
video. Thank you. Bye.